Updating description of neo4j-import data command after incremental import implementation (#664)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/tutorial/neo4j-admin-import.adoc

= Neo4j-admin import
:description: This tutorial provides detailed examples to illustrate the capabilities of importing data from CSV files with the command `neo4j-admin database import`. 

This tutorial provides detailed examples to illustrate the capabilities of importing data from CSV files with the command xref:tools/neo4j-admin/neo4j-admin-import.adoc[`neo4j-admin database import`]. 

> It is used for loading large amounts of data from CSV files and supports full and incremental import into a running or stopped Neo4j DBMS.

Reviewer: "It" refers to "tutorial". I would suggest:
```suggestion
The import command is used for loading large amounts of data from CSV files and supports full and incremental import into a running or stopped Neo4j DBMS.
```
